# Project Structure
The purpose of this repository is to act as a template and guide for the project
structure which this project will adhere to.
The project subscribes to the Google C++ Style Guide, available at: 
https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html and the repository 
additionally provides a guiding hand in following this coding standard.
It is important to note however that this repository is not exhaustive nor is
it kept up to date, always refer to: 
https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html for accurate information.
The second source for this project, in situations which the first does not 
cover or is found ambigious, is: 
https://isocpp.github.io/CppCoreGuidelines/CppCoreGuidelines

## Descriptions
- src: contains all source files (.cc) and their respective (private) header 
files (.h) (these are meant for internal use and are not meant for distribution 
to the public).
- include: contains all "public interface" headers, all the headers that are 
for public (external) consumption. (Will probably not be used).
- lib: contains all library files. (Will probably not be used).
- tests: contains all test files (unit tests, integration tests, etc).
- CMakeLists.txt: used to generate a Makefile (build system-independent).
- Makefile: used to compile all the code and get executable code (provided by 
the CMake file).
- build: all files generated by compilation should be here.
- docs: folder for documentation files.
- README.md: (the file you are currently viewing) should provide general 
project overview, contributors, stakeholders, contact information, dependencies 
and requirements, sponsors, instructions of how to use/install the project.
- .gitignore: files/directories that should be ignored are build, Makefile, generated.

## Naming rules
- Please favor always using longer name for clarity rather than using unclear 
accronyms. 
- File names: all lowercase and use _ for word seperation. C++ files end with 
.cc and headers with .h. Filenames should be very specific.
- Directory: all lowercase and use - for word seperation.
- All types including classes, struct, enums, type aliases, type templates, 
concept names: start with capital letter and have capital letter at the begining 
of each word.
- Variables: all lower case with _ for word seperation.
- See remaning in .cc and .h files.

## Disallowed
The followng libraries must not be used:
- &lt;ratio&gt;
- &lt;cfenv&gt; and &lt;fenv.h&gt;
- &lt;filesystem&gt;
- &lt;coroutine&gt;
- Do not use any C++20 modules.

Check https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html for the libraries from 
Boost library collection which are allowed.
